Added support for downlink messages (#11)
computenodes/dragino: README.md

* Raspberry Pi
* SD card
* LoRa/GPS HAT
* Raspberry Pi power supply

## Installation
1. Install Raspbian on the Raspberry Pi
2. Enable SPI using raspi-config
3. Enable Serial using raspi-config (no login shell)
    1. check your serial ports 'ls /dev/serial*'
    2. check the serial port is receiving GPS data with 'cat /dev/serialx' where x is your port number.
4. Install the required packages `sudo apt install device-tree-compiler git python3-crypto python3-nmea2 python3-rpi.gpio python3-serial python3-spidev python3-configobj`
5. Download the git repo `git clone https://github.com/computenodes/LoRaWAN.git`

>     1. make a copy of dragingo.ini.default 'cp dragino.ini.default dragino.ini'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. make a copy of dragingo.ini.default `cp dragino.ini.default dragino.ini`
```

    2. make sure your dragino.ini is set to use the serial port from step 3
6. Enable additional CS lines (See section below for explanation)
    1. Change into the overlay directory `cd dragino/overlay`
    2. Compile the overlay `dtc -@ -I dts -O dtb -o spi-gpio-cs.dtbo spi-gpio-cs-overlay.dts`.  This might generate a couple of warnings, but seems to work ok
    3. Copy the output file to the required folder `sudo cp spi-gpio-cs.dtbo /boot/overlays/`
    4. Enable the overlay at next reboot `echo "dtoverlay=spi-gpio-cs" | sudo tee -a /boot/config.txt`
    5. Reboot the Pi `sudo reboot`
    6. Check that the new cs lines are enabled `ls /dev/spidev0.*` should output `/dev/spidev0.0  /dev/spidev0.1  /dev/spidev0.2`.  In which case the required SPI CS line now exists

> 7. Create a new device in The Things Network console and copy the details into the config file dragino.ini

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Create a new device in The Things Network console and copy the details into the config file `dragino.ini`
```
